i think i've gained more experience and
a bit more composure than we can feel
like i'm getting physically stronger all
the time so probably those aspects and
probably progress the most with well
personally you know I'm happy to get a
couple of goals this year and it's
always a bonus and obviously in a good
position in the league disappointed with
you know going out of the Champions
League well obviously berim your nigger
a bit close again and you obviously
you've got barcelona and real madrid who
I was he to other great team so I'd say
you go to them three you know you'd like
to think of every tear them with being
the final at least and Swansea and they
obviously had a great season last year
and I think it's always hard to repeat
that what do you know they've done that
and reminds them in the league cup as
well so you know I've been surprised at
them and the players have brought end up
just fitted straighter no one I want to
say no one I know we've had some tough
games i mean i think the gamma against
away at routing was a tough game
especially the first half at Jason over
to his first time we played against him
them you have to get used up physical
borrow and he's he's obviously very
experienced clever so he knows how to
use his strength well and you know that
was a bit of a wake-up call up first
half against reading away yeah i added a
labyrinth feature and Emeli sandé and
but to be honest he's pretty good putt
you know coming up when you play this
one or two songs that he just plays he's
been playing it for like the last three
or four years so I'm to be honest that
I've done lots of switch off really we
should know every song word by word now
but without I'm pretty quiet actually I
just I like to go and do my own things
get myself ready and easy to sit sit
around for quite a bit until you know it
gets closer to the time we were ready to
go for a warm up and then I'll sort of
get everything ready and and that's
maybe ready to go real far don't
definitely eat rice Harvey prep the tans
like he doesn't but he really puts
effort him there's a few others that put
effort in but just don't produce but I
think Rio is got
got the rate balancer I think he
produces as well i'm uploading myself i
usually i'm usually when I come in
through the training I sit down on me up
blocker texting about half an hour to
get up and do anything so I probably say
I'm up there but Patrice Evra's it was
another one he just takes forever
probably have to go with a player that I
played with and you know think Ronaldo's
up there in terms of you know Bri that
he had and just the pure ability and you
know it was always managed to produce as
well so we probably the best player that
have led with up manchester united in
North River career